Add Bunup (#96)
apvarun/awesome-bun: README.md

## Tools

> - [Bunup](https://github.com/arshad-yaseen/bunup) - A high-performance build tool for your libraries built with Bun.

Reviewer: Maybe it's better like this?

```suggestion
- [Bunup](https://github.com/arshad-yaseen/bunup) - A blazing-fast `tsup` compatible build tool for your libraries built with Bun.
```

I think it should be written that it is compatible with `tsup`
